SEP-1: Allow externalization of currency metadata to other URLs. (#1143)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0001.md

Note: `fixed_number`, `max_number`, and `is_unlimited` are mutually exclusive issuance policies. Include exactly one of those fields.

### External Currency Specification

> There are two ways to "outsource" currency entries to external files: via the `toml` key and via the top-level `CURRENCY_TOMLS` list.

Reviewer: Suggested formatting:
```suggestion
There are two ways to reference currency entries in separate files:
- The `CURRENCIES` `toml` key.
- The top-level `CURRENCY_TOMLS` list.
```

> #### Via the `toml` key

Reviewer: We should capitalize the headings to match the other headings.
```suggestion
#### `CURRENCIES` `toml` Key
```

> `stellar.toml` can link out to a separate TOML file for each currency by specifying `toml="https://DOMAIN/.well-known/CURRENCY.toml"` as the currency's only field.

Author: Good call; done in 2768bfc :+1:

> #### Via the top-level list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `CURRENCY_TOMLS` List
```

Note: `fixed_number`, `max_number`, and `is_unlimited` are mutually exclusive issuance policies. Include exactly one of those fields.

### External Currency Specification

> There are two (compatible) ways to reference currency entries in separate files:

Reviewer: It's unclear to me what compatible means here, regardless it seems superfluous to me.

@Shaptic Was there some meaning you were intending to communicate?

```suggestion
There are two ways to reference currency entries in separate files:
```

Author: I'm trying to say that the two methods are compatible with each other, i.e. they're not mutually exclusive. Maybe `(mutually compatible)` is a better way to convey that?

Reviewer: If this is important I would say it in a sentence rathe than bottling it into a word or two. i.e.:
```suggestion
`stellar.toml`s may store all or some of their `CURRENCIES` in separate files. There are two methods to reference `CURRENCIES` entries that are stored in separate files. Both methods can be used on their own, or together.
```

Author: Good idea, done!

  1. The `CURRENCIES` `toml` key.
  2. The top-level `CURRENCY_TOMLS` list.

#### `CURRENCIES` `toml` Key
`stellar.toml` can link out to a separate TOML file for each currency by specifying the URL in the `toml` key as the currency's only field.

Example usage:

```toml
[[CURRENCIES]]
toml = "https://example.com/SPECIFIC_CURRENCY.toml"
```

#### `CURRENCY_TOMLS` List
A top-level `CURRENCY_TOMLS` field may be specified as an array of URLs to TOML files that contain [currency entries](#currency-documentation). These additional fields are interpreted as if their contents exist in the `stellar.toml`. These files referenced must contain only `[[CURRENCIES]]` table entries.

Example usage:

```toml

> CURRENCY_TOMLS = [

Reviewer: I think we should name the field `CURRENCIES_TOMLS` for an exact one-to-one correlation with the section that is allowed in the field. I think this was changed to `CURRENCY_TOMLS` to avoid a double plural, however this is a list of TOMLs, that each will contain multiple currencies, so I think the double plural here is not particularly problematic.

Author: Good point, it is a set of `TOMLS` each of which point to `CURRENCIES`. I hate the mouthful of a name (I'd love something more descriptive like `CURRENCY_METADATA_URLS` or something, [alas](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/TwoHardThings.html)), but it does do the job.
